Military salute, I know the instrument lord may owe you popularity
But he has withdrawn from Zhengbei drama
Don't bother them
I have a way to get the Ye family for free
What can you do?
I got the Rockefeller a few years ago.
Group Chairperson Davis' Business Card
I'll give him a call.
See if he can help
Rockefeller Group
That's a big foreign consortium
Will he help?
It is precisely because it is a foreign-funded enterprise
So that you won't be influenced by the family
As long as we negotiate the terms
Maybe they will
But
I heard that the Rockefeller Group is under investigation
A few years ago.
He also planned to blow up the financial system of the building
In the end, Lord King's Landing took action
Just suppressed this matter
You go to them now
Will they be because of what happened back then?
Hold a grudge against us
Don't want to help us
There is no other way now
Only one life in arrears
Hello
Is that Mr. Davis?
It's me I know what you want
Pick me up at the company later
Then I'll be right there
What did Yufei say?
They say they can offer 50 billion big contracts
You can lend now 50 billion
Is this true?
Hahahaha
Our Ye family is saved